SECTION 1: Explained program use
SECTION 2: Explained settings
SECTION 3: Explained complexity chart

SECTION 1:
Enter all possible words, choose word options and click Hack!
Program will make a wordlist.txt file inside directory of this exe.

Usage examples:
a) You know the words but you can't remember in which order they go
b) You know all the letters in the word but can't remember in which order they go
c) Combination of a and b
d) Special casses
e) Combining input
f) Universal options

Explanation:
a) You know the words but you can't remember in which order they go:
Lets say that your password which you forgot is  "Best123PasswordEver" , and you can still recall the words "Best" , "Ever" , "Password" and "123" but you don't know the combination!
So instead of trying N! combinations, in this case 4!=24 combinations, and guessing manually like 123BestPasswordEver, BestPasswordEver123, PasswordBest123Ever....  you just type those words in this program and voila!
It will generate all 24 possible combinations and one of those will for sure be exactly "Best123PasswordEver".
This becomes expecially usefull if you have many words because number of combinations is N! so for 10 words it would be 10!=3628800 combinations!
Note that this can consume a lot of memory! Formula for max memory is:  N! * W * 2 / 1024 / 1024 MB
Where N is number of words and W is maximum length of string.

Example of input:
Best Ever Password 123



b) You know all the letters in the word but can't remember in which order they go:
Lets say that your password which you forgot is  "AXBYCZ" , and you can still recall the letters 'A' , 'B' , 'C' , 'X' , 'Y' , 'Z'  but you don't know their combination!
So instead of trying N! combinations, in this case 6!=720 combinations, and guessing manually like ABXYCZ , AXBCYZ , ABCZXY....  you just type those letters in this program and voila!
It will generate all 720 possible combinations and one of those will for sure be exactly "AXBYCZ" 
This becomes expecially usefull if you have many letters because number of combinations is N! so for 10 letters it would be 10!=3628800 combinations!
Note that this can consume a lot of memory! Formula for memory is:  N! * W * 2 / 1024 / 1024 MB
Where N is number of letters and W is length of password.

Example of input:
ABCXYZ--b



c) Combination of a and b: 
When you know all the words but some of the words are blury in your memory , for example:
Your forgoten password is "DanceNight24135" and you still remember the words "Night" and "Dance" but for the third word you only remember that it had characters from 1-5.
Your input would then be:
Night Dance 12345--b
If you remember that "Night" and "Dance" went in this order "DanceNight" then just input:
DanceNight 12345--b
(this will decrease loading time because this input has less words to permute than first input)



d) Special casses
In these casses the string dash is reserved (the character -)! This means that you can't have a double slash in your words.
Example your password consists of words "red" , "-" , "blue"
In that case the second word will break the program meaning it will incorrectly generate wordlist!
In order to fix this go to settings and change the:
"Don't use slash as option separator, use this instead:" to change the reserved slash to another symbol!


--l  - Use the word in its lowercase
	Example input: HORSE--l FLY
	Generated words: HORSEFLY , FLYHORSE ,horseFLY , FLYhorse 

--u  - Use the word in its upercase
	Example input: horse--u fly
	Generated words: horsefly , flyhorse , HORSEfly , flyHORSE

--ip-X - invert letter at specific position X (lower to uppper case and upper to lower case)
	Example input: alah--ip-3 fly
	Generated words: alahfly , flyalah , alAhfly  , flyalAh

Could be useful if you don't remember whether the word started with a capital or not.
In this example you remember that the word 'alah' was part of the password, but since it's a proper name and should be written as 'Alah' you can't remember did you put it as 'alah' or 'Alah'
	Example input: alah--ip-1 fly
	Generated words: alahfly , flyalah , Alahfly  , flyAlah

Same goes when you need to include inverz case for the last character (for example you wrote 'alah' backwards):
Example input: hala--ip-4 yloh
	Generated words: halayloh , ylohhala , halAyloh , ylohhalA 

Same goes when you need to include inverz case for specific letters:
Example input: bamboozled--ip-1-4 again
Generated words: bamboozledagain , againbamboozled, BamBoozledagain ,  againBamBoozled

Note: You can add as many character positions as you want, example bamboozled--ip-1-2-3-4     as long as numbers are separated by single character option separator and they aren't higher than word length. This way you can even include  inverz case for all letters and if you want to to do it faster just input --ip-0 
	Example input: aLaH--ip-0 fLy
	Generated words: aLaHfLy , fLyaLaH , AlAhFlY  , FlYAlAh


--ab-%S 	adds specific string %S to beggining of the word
		Example input: horse--ab-_ fly
		Generated words: horsefly , flyhorse , _horsefly , fly_horse

--ae-%S 	adds specific string %S to the end of the word
		Example input: horse--ae-_ fly
		Generated words: horsefly , flyhorse , horse_fly , flyhorse_



e) Combining input
When the word you forgot can be a completely different word.
Example you think the password goes something like this: "lovejesus" ,but since you also have islamic roots you are unsure whenever it is "jesus" or "alah"
So your input would be:
love jesus+alah
This would generate: lovejesus , jesuslove, lovealah , alahlove

Example: since those are proper names you are unsure whenever did you put a capital or not so your input would be:
love jesus--ip-1+alah--ip-1
This would generate: lovejesus , jesusLove , loveJesus , Jesuslove , lovealah , alahlove , loveAlah , Alahlove

Note: You can add as many different words as you wish with the command "+" and each of those words can have its own separated options:
Example input:
love jesus--ip-1+icecream--u
This would generate: lovejesus , jesuslove , loveJesus , Jesuslove , loveicecream , icecreamlove , loveICECREAM , ICECREAMlove



f) Universal options
These options only apply to ALREADY generated words.

--sb-%S 	Add specific string %S at beginning of each generated word example:
		Already generated words: Europe America Asia
		Your input: --s-Continent_
		Final generated words: Continent_Europe Continent_America Continent_Asia

Note that original words will be overwritten by added string meaning that even if you had word "Europe" at beginning , that word will not appear in dictionary! Word "Continent_Europe " replaces it! 
If you want to preserve original words then your input would be: --sbc-Continent_  
Example input:
	Already generated words: Europe America Asia
	Your input: --sbc-Continent_
	Final generated words: Europe America Asia Continent_Europe Continent_America Continent_Asia


--se-%S 	Add specific string %S at the end of each generated word example:
		Already generated words: Europe America Asia
		Your input: --se-_Continent
		Final generated words:  Europe_Continent America_Continent Asia_Continent

Note that original words will be overwritten by added string meaning that even if you had word "Europe" at beginning , that word will not appear in dictionary! Word "Europe_Continent " replaces it! 
If you want to preserve original words then your input would be: --sec-_Continent
Example input:
	Already generated words: Europe America Asia
	Your input: --sec-_Continent
	Final generated words: Europe America Asia Europe_Continent America_Continent Asia_Continent




SECTION 2: Explained settings
TO DO




SECTION 3: Explained complexity chart

Word count			Complexity
					Impossible
					Very high
					High
					Medium
					Low
					Very low			
